README.md, before:

# Doggy GPS
> Outline a brief description of your project.
> Live demo [_here_](https://www.example.com). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
<!-- * [License](#license) -->


## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Tech 1 - version 1.0
- Tech 2 - version 2.0
- Tech 3 - version 3.0


## Features
List the ready features here:
- Awesome feature 1
- Awesome feature 2
- Awesome feature 3


## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->


## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.


## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

`write-your-code-here`


## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_ / _complete_ / _no longer being worked on_. If you are no longer working on it, provide reasons why.


## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2


## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...


## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

readme and data to display on page

README.md, after:

# Doggy GPS
> Future dog owners will be able to search different dog breeds, find its attributes, and discover places to adopt them.
> Live demo [_here_](https://esztergb.github.io/doggy-gps/). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
<!-- * [License](#license) -->


## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?

Users will be presented with a homepage to click on in order to start searching for dog breeds they are interested in.  Once on the search page, the user will be able to search any dog breed, and a list of attributes will be displayed for that particular dog: barking, energy, shedding, trainability which are all rated on a scale of 1-5.  As soon as the user inputs a breed to search, it will immediately reveal in the search input below to find available dogs of that breed to adopt.

This app was created for anyone looking for a furry friend in their life.  It was created to make their lives a bit easier by being able to search for the type of dog and available dogs to adopt in one search engine.  Team Pewter City decided to undertake this project because we are all dog lovers.
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Petfinder for Developers
- Dogs API
- Materialize 1.0.0


## Features
List the ready features here:
- Awesome feature 1
- Awesome feature 2
- Awesome feature 3


## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->


## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.


## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

The user will need to click on the "FIND YOUR DOG" button on the homepage and will bring them to the search page.  There the user will type in a dog breed and a list of attributes will display.  If interested in that breed, it will immediately show in the search below to find available dogs to adopt.

`write-your-code-here`


## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_.


## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2


## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...


## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
